Update README.md with examples (#252)
huggingface/diffusers: README.md

  
## Examples

> There are many ways to try running Diffusers! Here we outline code-focused tools (primarily using `DiffusionPipeline`s and Google Colab) and itneractive web-tools.

Author: Thanks. Whoops 😥...

- [Unconditional Latent Diffusion](https://huggingface.co/CompVis/ldm-celebahq-256)
- [Unconditional Diffusion with continous scheduler](https://huggingface.co/google/ncsnpp-ffhq-1024)

**Other Notebooks**:

> * [image-to-image generation with Stable Diffusion](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1yHBat74l_fvS9f4IDLvquvJSyY7G36G0?usp=sharing) ![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg),

Reviewer: I think it's better to use a link to Suraj's repo instead of a (maybe ephemeral) google drive link:

```suggestion
* [image-to-image generation with Stable Diffusion](https://colab.research.google.com/github/patil-suraj/Notebooks/blob/master/image_2_image_using_diffusers.ipynb) ![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg),
```

Author: Ah today I learned you can open a github link in colab, this is 100x preferred (also an interpretable URL).
